[framework] changed VAT calculation - not using a rounded coefficient now (#1129)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-unreleased.md

        ```
- update your tests to use interfaces of factories fetched from dependency injection container
    -  update tests same way as in PR ([#970](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/970/files))
- check your VAT calculations after it was modified in `shopsys/framework` ([#1129](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1129))

>     - see [the description of the PR](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1129) to understand the scope of this change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - we strongly recommend seeing [the description of the PR](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1129) to understand the scope of this change
```

Reviewer: We offer the link to PR in every upgrade instruction. I would like to highlight it here because they really should see it.

>     - run DB migrations on your demo data and on a copy of production database (if possible) to see that it works with your data well

Reviewer: It sounds like we are not sure if it works. Please rephrase. 

I would recommend starting this paragraph with "if you modified the price calculation or you altered the prices in the database directly"
